(docs): Adjust user/README.md to Help Portal structure (#809)
kyma-project/cloud-manager: docs/user/README.md

# Cloud Manager Module

Use the Cloud Manager module to manage infrastructure providers' resources from a Kyma cluster.

## What is Cloud Manager?

> Cloud Manager manages access to infrastructure providers' resources and products in SAP BTP, Kyma runtime. Once you add the Cloud Manager module to your Kyma cluster, it brings the resources in a secure way.

Author: ```suggestion
Cloud Manager manages access to the chosen (IaaS) infrastructure providers' resources and products in SAP BTP, Kyma runtime. Once you add the Cloud Manager module to your Kyma cluster, it brings the resources in a secure way.
```

## Features

The Cloud Manager module provides the following feature:

> * Network File System (NFS) server that can be used as a ReadWriteMany (RWX) volume in the Kyma cluster.
> * Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) peering between your project and the Kyma cluster.
> * Google Cloud, Amazon Web Services, and Azure Redis offering.

Author: ```suggestion
* [NFS](link): Network File System (NFS) server that can be used as a ReadWriteMany (RWX) volume in the Kyma cluster.
* [VPC peering](link): Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) peering between your Kyma and remote underlying infrastructure provider's projects.
* [Redis](link]: infrastructure provider's flavor cache that can be used in your Kyma cluster.
```

Reviewer: `Kyma underlying infrastructure provider's project, account, or subscription` sounds good but not sure about `remote underlying infrastructure provider's projects`.  Perhaps `underlying` can be omitted.

# Cloud Manager Module

Use the Cloud Manager module to manage infrastructure providers' resources from a Kyma cluster.

## What is Cloud Manager?

Cloud Manager manages access to infrastructure providers' resources and products in SAP BTP, Kyma runtime. Once you add the Cloud Manager module to your Kyma cluster, it brings the resources in a secure way.

## Features

The Cloud Manager module provides the following feature:

* Network File System (NFS) server that can be used as a ReadWriteMany (RWX) volume in the Kyma cluster.
* Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) peering between your project and the Kyma cluster.

> * Google Cloud and Amazon Web Services Redis offering.

Reviewer 2: It is offering Redis on Azure as well

> ## Architecture

Author: Defines the basic terms, objects and entities of the service and describes their relationship to each other. A diagram is a really really nice to have :)

![API and Reconcilers](../contributor/architecture/assets/api-and-reconcilers.drawio.svg "API and Reconcilers")

Cloud Manager has one central active component running in KCP that runs two sets of reconciliation loops - one for each API group.

Cloud Resources reconcilers remotely reconcile the `cloud-resources.kyma-project.io` API group from SAP BTP, Kyma runtime into the low-level cloud-control.kyma-project.io API group in KCP.

Cloud Control reconcilers locally reconcile the `cloud-control.kyma-project.io` API group into the resources of an infrastructure provider.

Both sets of reconcilers must also maintain the status of the resources they reconcile. This means that Cloud Control reconcilers observe the status of the Cloud Resources resource group and project it into the status of the Cloud Control resources in KCP. At the same time, Cloud Resources reconcilers observe the status of the Cloud Control resources and project it into the status of the Cloud Control resource group in SKR.

### Cloud Manager Operator

### Cloud Control Reconcilers

### Cloud Resources Reconcilers

### Controller Runtime Manager

> ### Custom Manager

Author: I made up the components' names (I was just looking at the content and the diagram) please correct my waffle.

> ## API / Custom Resources Definitions

Author: I'm thinking about creating a separate document in Help Portal that can list all the Resources, such as this one: https://github.com/kyma-project/cloud-manager/blob/main/docs/user/resources/README.md

Then we could remove the long list from the main doc.

Reviewer 3: It makes sence. Please do so.

See the documentation related to the [Cloud Manager custom resources](./resources/README.md) (CRs):

* IP Range
  * [IpRange](./resources/04-10-iprange.md)
* NFS
  * [AwsNfsVolume](./resources/04-20-10-aws-nfs-volume.md)
  * [AwsNfsVolumeBackup](./resources/04-20-11-aws-nfs-volume-backup.md)
  * [AwsNfsBackupSchedule](./resources/04-20-12-aws-nfs-backup-schedule.md)
  * [AwsNfsVolumeRestore](./resources/04-20-13-aws-nfs-volume-restore.md)
  * [GcpNfsVolume](./resources/04-20-20-gcp-nfs-volume.md)
  * [GcpNfsVolumeBackup](./resources/04-20-21-gcp-nfs-volume-backup.md)
  * [GcpNfsBackupSchedule](./resources/04-20-22-gcp-nfs-backup-schedule.md)
  * [GcpNfsVolumeRestore](./resources/04-20-23-gcp-nfs-volume-restore.md)
* VPC peering
  * [AzureVpcPeering](./resources/04-30-10-azure-vpc-peering.md)
  * [AwsVpcPeering](./resources/04-30-20-aws-vpc-peering.md)
  * [GcpVpcPeering](./resources/04-30-30-gcp-vpc-peering.md)
* Redis
  * [GcpRedisInstance](./resources/04-40-10-gcp-redis-instance.md)
  * [AwsRedisInstance](./resources/04-40-20-aws-redis-instance.md)
  * [AzureRedisInstance](./resources/04-40-30-azure-redis-instance.md)

## Resource Consumption

> To learn more about the resources used by the Cloud Manager module, see [Kyma Modules' Sizing](https://help.sap.com/docs/btp/sap-business-technology-platform/kyma-modules-sizing?version=Cloud).

Reviewer 4: Cloud Manager runs in KCP and has no SKR executables, so in SKR it takes zero resources
